I clarified in the reddit that you brought in my "Another Universe" bit, and the point I was trying to make is he was very consistent at first about responding to emails and stuff like that.
I met you in person and I really like the content you produce, and I really like the podcast, and I really like how cool you are to work for and how over time you have become very responsive and stuff like that, but with the last episode I really think there should have been some time spent on talking about Dick, whether it be as small as, "He couldn't make it, but he loved you guys", or really anything. You're a creative dude and someone that thinks things through most of the time, but I personally felt like the last episode wasn't utilized like it should have.
I presented that fact in a way that I didn't necessarily mean to, I did kind of an extended rant and it wasn't my intention to paint you as completely non-responsive - what I was trying to do is say that Dick was the first one to notice me and really bring me to the podcast.
Maddox, really quick
I'm going to tell you that I'm an anxious person and I have a lot to say
I'm going to take the post down
Minus the inaccuracies derived from my tone, though, I really do think you should have given some time to speak about Dick. The point I was trying to make is that Dick cares about his fans, and really anything to say for him or about him would have been enough for me personally. I don't think that it's an entitled thing to ask for.
And with all of the people that are trying to invade your privacy as well as Dick's, it's not right but it stems from the fact that the last episode was so abrupt without too much explanation - it just seemed like fans were the after thought.
Man, I feel sick to my stomach right now, but I've always held the idea that if you love something enough you'll criticize it because you want it to be better.
I'm talking about you - you're not over.
You're still a cool guy despite what I said, and I'm not ashamed to say that. I posted in the thread immediately after that meeting you in person was great.
I think it's a complex situation that delves into a lot of emotions - I don't think you're happy about it.
I don't really think that what happened was great, but it's just based on my imagination and no one has to tell me about it.
I don't think you want to take the beating.
And I don't think you wanted to be painted as someone that doesn't care about Dick.
I don't think you have to talk about what happen so much as reference Dick at all
My criticism wasn't that what happens behind doors should come out to the forefront.
You don't think it's weird at all to end the talk show without talking about the one other person that people listened for?
Like, it doesn't have to be critical or in-depth. It doesn't have to be in context of the personal situation.
For me, and I can't speak for everyone, I would haven't perked an eyebrow if you just said, "Dick would be here if he could, but it's complicated. And he cares about you guys."
Those two sentences would have been fine.
And it would have meant a lot.
I don't want to piss you off, I really don't, but that's how I felt about it.
I'm thinking a lot right now about what I really did just now posting that and I don't want those negative consequences - I really didn't mean to provoke hurt or something like that. Really, the mentality that I had grown out of personal development and reading your writing for all of my life is that if you care about something, you should criticize it.
I'm thinking about it and it was stupid for me to do, and I didn't want to cause a lynch mob to run after you - I was looking at it as a vent to get rid of what was bothering me off of my chest, and also because despite the issue that I took with the last episode, I did want things to get better.
While it's not supposed to be an important component of discussion that should change your mind, I'm shaking right now and trying to think clearly because I'm realizing what I'd done from a different perspective.
I'm really sorry.
And I really mean that - I don't know how to convey what I'm feeling right now.
I don't know how.
What would you want for me to do?
In the first take that I did before scrapping it, I said, "I don't understand fandoms, for the most part. I'm generally annoyed by them. People think that because they obsess over consuming content that they deserve something for it without thinking that the content itself is all that's necessary."
And up to this point I've said that and defended that statement, and I do think you work extremely hard to do the stuff you do. What I wanted to do was criticism, not attacking or demands for entitlement, and I really do apologize if it came off that way. I'm not a very good speaker. I've been working on it.
*demands for fulfilling entitlement
Oh, I thought that way even about the TBPITU website.
And I think I recall avoiding that subreddit up to this point because it seemed like people who got banned from the site escaped there to just shit on everyone that went on
I'll try not to.
Are you still angry with me?
My brain feels really overloaded and I have too many things I want to say at once
I've had anxiety issues all of my life and I've gotten very better with them over the years but this sent me into a little bit of a shock.
Actually, speaking of anxiety, I have major recording anxiety, and the more I listened to the podcast the more I wish that I could be on it. I've actually been practicing a lot with recording myself because I want to make my own content and also because I wanted to be on the show and make more stuff for it.
I wanted to be the guy that brings in a good first problem and then immediately nosedive and see how badly the podcast would explode if I brought in "Not enough female representation"
That recording consists of probably over one hundred takes.
In the span of two or three hours.
Actually, that might be a little high - one to two hours.
haha, yes.
Absolutely.
Yes.
Does the negativity grate at you a lot?
Yeah, that's the gist that I get from a lot of the comments where you take a slightly liberal-oriented topic, i.e. the homeless housing thing
Where people just comment, "is this a joke"
Or sometimes a better example is something highly voted but a ton of very anti-liberal people hijacking the comments with a lot of hate.
This is a big steer off-topic, but if I were to go on a family road trip from Vegas across the coastline towards Washington and I were to stop in LA (the road trip isn't very concrete or anything), do you think we can hang out? I know you're a super busy dude, but I've always just wanted to talk and pick your brain.
That's really all I ever want to do with people, honestly.
I really wanted to meet Asterios while he was in LA too, shame he's not there anymore.
Haha, sounds like me, except everything I do is just for me. I work on websites for people to make some cash on the side for college, and mess around with music every now and then for others, but I end up spending an infinite amount of hours working on music for no one really to hear
I'm not, I'm quite happy actually.
I understand and apologize.
Hey dude, I saw the last twitch stream after the fact and if you need extra help with kicking people who won't stop with the situation I can help out with that.
Yeah, no problem.
Hey man, what's up?
Yeah, I could imagine. I still have my opinions about little things but the bigger thing is I don't think you are invalidated as a person and people are being passionate to a degree that is bonkers.
The Dick FB group is cancer and they're convinced that I'm "compromised" and secretly your best friend because I said it was retarded that there was a conspiracy theory that you have only ever had one girlfriend.
I'm really critical and skeptical of everyone including Dick because that's what I've learned from reading your site since I was, what, 12? It's only in efforts to be constructive and for things to get better. I like you, Dick, Sean, Asterios, Tim Changggz... You're all great. And we are all flawed as people - please do not look at my criticisms or past criticisms as a means to invalidate. I've been trying to curve criticism in this entire thing so that people aren't taking it to a point where they're making you out to be 100% bad in *any* case.
Same with Dick.
I still totally wanna hang out whenever that chance arises.
What do you mean by "he's not a character dude"? Sorry, confused.
Oh, you're saying that Dick is who he is on the show, and you're different from what you portray on the podcast.
For sure - you're a nice due in real life.
*dude
If you can see in the Dick Show reddit, I seem to be having some sort of positive ripple, I think.
(upvoted the first guy just for pointing out the crazies that are doxxing and what not)
I'll probably have to go through a similar transition, but that's probably something I'm going to have to see on my own. I'm definitely taking what you're saying into consideration - I ain't blowing you off or whatever. I've just gotta see it for myself.
The type of person he is
Yeah. Not too big on your new content. No offense, of course.
I pretty much purge everything regularly of stuff I don't interact with. On Facebook I unfriend people I don't talk to every month. On YouTube and Twitter it's similar. It isn't a big deal to me, and I still gander at your Twitter every now and then.
You okay? I don't want ya to feel hurt or anything.
Like I've said before, I've got criticism for everyone. There's no sides or anything to me. I've got things I can say about everyone, but I also see it as me being too distant for any of these things to really matter. And most importantly it really is just about content. The new podcast takes a different direction that I think tickles other people's fancies and it's just not my thing. No biggy.
I mean, if I were to see anyone in person and the opportunity came up, I'd open up about it, but I'm just a guy who plays around on a keyboard in Vegas for fun while attending college. I ain't really big enough to have an opinion that is worthwhile.
You do you!
To be fair, I don't recall you following me on here and I don't take offense to that. It's fine. In my interactions with you, you've been a nice dude. So, to me, I consider you a buddy. I'd hang out with you if I weren't stuck here in Vegas. I've got friends who are content creators who do their own thing that I don't consume because I don't like their content. That doesn't mean I dislike them, of course. And with you, I just wasn't into your newest few videos or your new podcast. Despite the fact that there are people that want your head on a stick, I'm not one of them and I maintain apathy towards the drama. Like I said previously, there's no reason for me to involve myself, and I don't think my opinion on such matters would be seen as valuable. And I'm not bothered by that either.
If you would like, I released an album today and I've got a code for you to use to get it for free. Skip the last couple tracks if you like. hx42-u5wk
https://wauterboi.bandcamp.com/yum
If you wanna keep in touch or you've got some work for me to do, I'm down.
So, you're probably getting a lot of flak for Jesse's slip up, but I think it's kind of piling up. He just called Denzel a nigger, he said some hateful stuff towards Brazilians, and he called someone fat and gay which he calls "a bad thing". Why stick around with the guy anymore?
I'm asking out of curiosity, because I would perceive him as a threat to your brand.
To be straight up with you, I'm a fan of The Dick Show, so when you address us as being responsible for a rape list it's really off-putting. I'm in the IRC channel too.
I'm not sharing this.
How do you know that wasn't *one* person? You've had deranged fans in the past. That doesn't reflect you or your community.
Dick nor most fans ever used that board. It was alive for less than a week.
Yeah it does.
What you're saying is if I created an 8chan board for your community and posted anonymously I can hold you directly responsible for it. And at the time of that post existing, Dick wasn't a moderator and none of us were even aware it existed.
But that's the thing - you're using it as a strong point of association. You're associating it with us fans, and then us fans to Dick.
I've received death threats all over the internet. I've had people track down pictures of me and post disgusting things. Mind you, these were on forums dedicated to Garry's Mod.
Awful people exist everywhere.
I'm defending people who *didn't* create it. I don't know who made it. Whoever made it is awful. Whoever participated it is awful. Labeling the entire fan base is awful and by doing so you're bunching *me* into it. That's the point I'm trying to make.
I have no way to verify that, so it's not really something I care enough to process.
That he said that.
I'm not going to.
For the record: I'm a feminist. I think I've talked with you about female representation in video games and other stuff. I've got rape victims in my circle of friends and in my family. I read this and I thought he was bending over backwards to be shocking and satirical, much like a Modest Proposal.
In other words: it doesn't affect me. I don't like the article, but I don't have to.
How do I verify that? How do I verify anything?
Lots of people tell others to eat shit, get raped, etc.
It isn't satire, it's an insult.
He said that he doesn't advocate rape and that he thinks that the rape list is pretty vile.
I think his stories are entertaining but I don't put much thought into them. I'm pretty indifferent, once again. After all, I'm talking to you. I talk to Asterios. I talk to Dick.
There's multiple sides to everything.
So is that what you're referencing with saying Asterios did something disgusting to you and your girlfriend?
Sure thing, man.
sounds like he's trying to appeal to his peers.
I dunno, man. I personally don't know what you would have to show me to get me to switch into "Fuck Dax" mode, but I'm also not in "Fuck Maddox" mode.
There's no way to see if anything anyone is saying is truthful.
What position do you think I've taken?
I listen to his content. I haven't hung out with him personally.
Yup!
To be fair, you were talking to a lot of people on Twitter and Facebook about him - sometimes even using the official TBPITU page to say things.
I'm talking DM's
what about Ragethegod?
I don't recall any tweets, but I do recall seeing you post a comment with the TBPITU page. I saw it with my Facebook and was confused.
I don't know if you deleted the comment but it was saying Dax's mom thinks Dick is the real Dax.
That's still really weird to do.
At the time I was just kind of scratching my head thinking, "Well, this is a thing now."
I think it makes sense to do so with your Maddox account, but not on the account for the show shared by two people
It still represents the podcast.
I'd say your Maddox FB page and Twitter makes sense.
Well, because it's one sided.
Dick doesn't have the ability to respond there.
Your story is one-sided by default too :P
It's just one side being told.
You can say that he talked behind your back and is a shit friend, but you could also say he's trying to preserve the business relationship between you two.
And I think that if he really thought all the disgusting things about women he wouldn't have a girlfriend.
Why not? Penn and Teller aren't friends. Their business parts.
Probably awful. Did you intend for her and Jessica to be friends ever?
Do you by any chance get the bonus episodes
I don't know if you want to but I can send you the last episode talks about you and Eighties girl
[reuploaded image: http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/003_eggs.jpg] I am going to attempt flipping all of these eggs and then give you the run down .
Yeah, I'll accept that
So, I can clip out his story for you and send it to you because that's gonna be a whole lot easier. But he basically explained the entirety of his side of the wedding story.
In full detail.
Well, whatever his version of full detail is.
He did tell us
And boy is his version of the story a lot different. Contains some of those same elements
Well, when is talking behind someone's back acceptable or not acceptable? I vent a lot to people. But I'm also not ashamed or that.
I am curious about something, though. How tolerant of you of people who support Trump?
I hated both candidates. I was big on Bernie, so don't get any ideas. :P
I dunno. I believe I sent you a message first thing saying I completely disagreed with that aspect of the video. I don't know if spite is the right word.
To be fair, I do believe that women have a responsibility to maintain their own safety because there are awful, awful people out there.
So, in some way, it is their responsibility.
When I go on my walks, I expect to be mugged so I don't get mugged.
I'm not following. How do expectations translate to blame?
I expect the whole world to fuck with me at every turn. That doesn't mean I think it's my fault.
You don't expect there to be sharks trying to fuck you over in show business for the sheer fact that it's the name of the game for show business?
Or people to lie to you, let you down, etc?
Well, if I saw a girl passed out drunk I wouldn't even be thinking in terms of blaming but instead picking her up and making sure she's okay.
I don't think in terms of blaming very often. It's not useful.
*not always
That's a different topic entirely, one that I wanted to bring into TBPITU. :P
I thought it was making a point about statistics.
"Look at how much I can manipulate stats to make a false truth."
It's making a joke using an obvious lie to make a point.
I didn't say I like the joke.
Oh, I'm not talking about that specifically. That is a shit joke.
But the article in its entirety I think is about statistics.
Because I don't think much about the article in the first place. It isn't interesting to me.
And much like you want me to give Jesse the benefit of the doubt for a joke instead of being racist for saying nigger. I'm not interested enough to hate the guy or feel anything either way.
And Dick has a girlfriend.
Oh, it does make me uncomfortable. I'd like stuff to move on. Same for my little brother.
But I'm not going to attack Dick because this is a foundation of hearsay. Valuable hearsay, but still hearsay. And that makes for a bigger violation of my principles.
That reminds me that Ela blocked me I think with an autoblocker.
I'm sure some of them are.
But if I can survive in there there's moderates.
I can tell you straight up that the Facebook group is concentrated cancer from hell.
The reddit is a lot better. The IRC moreso.
The Facebook is basically shit 4chan.
They also thought I was "compromised" for talking to you. So if you and I are aiming for some sort of concensus, fuck the Facebook group.
But it's kind of the same thing as Trump supporters. I have a lot of Trump supporting friends. They're not all racist assholes. They aren't all bigots. Some of them even dislike the rhetoric Trump uses. Same thing with Dick.
There's a lot of people who don't like the "hot goss".
Who is "they"?
There's a lot of people in the channel that haven't ever tweeted at ya.
Or done anything with you.
There's a lot of distaste for you but you'd be hard pressed to find anything more than people tweeting about you or talking about you in relative privacy
There's an actual racist in our chatroom, but the funny thing is he's good friends with me, a Mexican, and Denzel. :P
Nah. I was thinking it would hurt your brand.
Oh.
Are you on good terms with Denzel?
So that makes me and Denzel in the IRC.
He's in there quite a bit.
And he gets along with said racist.
They actually get into debates, as do I.
The only way to kill bad ideas is actually argue them instead of dismissing them outright. Challenging them and yourself.
Whether or not I'm being "played" doesn't bother me because I like his energy. That's really it. It doesn't really have to do with community or Goss.
I'm not clutching my phone with the shakes for more hot goss. I just like hearing him complain about inane things like on the old show.
So the answer is to stop consuming his content?
Exit the community, stop talking to dickheads, move on?
I've seen that.
At what point does that really matter, though? Does being an American make one responsible for America's actions?
I tell dickheads that they're being fuckfaces when they suggest fucky things.
But that's on an individual basis.
Not all of them do.
I don't ignore anything.
Sounds like the people in the Facebook, which I avoid.
Which dick isn't even in.
And Kendal and Hyde getting harassed sounds like it's because they aren't a very good business.
https://www.reddit.com/r/BuyItForLife/comments/4z43nq/dont_buy_from_kendal_hyde_unless_you_are/
I'd release all the conversations we had, tell you to fuck off, and call it a day. :P
Shitty, but people are shit. People already stalk me, and fuck with me, and dox me.
The world is shit.
Not that I think you guys deserve it and that it's acceptable.
[This was a link to a .jpg off my other defunct website and I'm pretty sure it was just an innocuous image of the IRC talking about Amazon packaging. I asked when was the last time people contacted Maddox for anything.]
This is what the chat looks like right now. There isn't a lot going on right now. It's a lot of off-topic banter. And it's usually like that.
It isn't a coven to conspire against you.
Hell, you could join our chat, sit silently, and see what we do.
It's a bunch of dumb nerd shit.
Gotcha man. Take it easy, and I'm still here if you wanna chat.
Nobody answered because not everyone in the chat is always active and people aren't quick to chat about you. Right now people are talking about amazon sellers packing cables in envelopes. And someone just said "No contact aside from Twitter yesterday."
See ya, man.
gotcha, that's what I figured.
He seems like one to try and be edgy.
That I also saw. I'm not very concerned about him because I don't really like him. I just saw that it caused a spark and I was wondering how you were going about it
on the other hand I'm remixing Rucka Rucka Ali right now :P
he's cool
Just for the sake of argument, do you understand why it bothered dick warts?
Well, they see it as you took out Dick for the accusation of rape apology and having awful fans, and yet you have Jesse who does a lot of raunchy things himself as well as Rucka Rucka Ali who does a lot of raunchy things himself. I don't think that people care so much about what Jesse actually did but see what's going on as inconsistency.
Which, when paired together with what Dick has been saying it sounds like you took Dick out for banging your ex and you having Chump Syndrome. Not that I believe that, but that's what's out there.
Honestly what needs to happen is I need to go KGB on the both of you, lock you two together in a dungeon with podcasting equipment, and record what happens because the disconnect between two sides is too much. :P
That's exactly what I just said. :P
Alright, I didn't mean that in a fucked up way. I'll stop
Do you know if Jesse got people on Facebook banned?
I don't pay for the bonus episodes.
The thing is, I don't think you're leaving people alone. Your actions keep having repercussions whether or not we want to get involved in morality.
For instance: You talked about Asterios, and it would only make sense if Asterios responded. That's what I'm talking about.
You were talking to a stranger, though.
But you were upset with Dick talking behind your back.
You said he did something disgusting without saying what he did, claiming it would make him look bad.
Ragethegod leaked the entirety of your conversations and it was talked about on air.
Him
Yes
You didn't think he was going to spread it?
I don't interact with Rage.
However I've seen the screenshots.
But when you say she did something disgusting, you understand that you make it sound like he's doing something on the level of rape or assault.
You say that he did something awful, but by not saying what it makes it sound like it could be anything.
It's the same thing with saying you could ruin Dick's personal and professional reputation.
The goal of all of this isn't to make you the bad guy.
It's not my interest to put blame somewhere. I'm just asking why your perceptions are the correct one.
I've talked to Dick and he said he will not tell me anything he hasn't said publically. (And no, I didn't talk about anything in this discussion)
And I do.
Let me think.
Jessica didn't repost conversations?
It's still shitty.
She gave a blow and got one in return.
It isn't.
Sounds like everyone sucks then.
what was her intent of sharing the conversations
because if her intent was to hurt asterios, then she can't claim she's the good person.
does she deserve all of this? no. is it something I personally would have expected? yeah. you try to shit on someone else and they'll return the favor with the fullest of their abilities. and i don't think asterios was condoning doxxing just like she wasn't condoning people harassing him about it.
I think it depends.
You dished a blow and he gave a blow back.
Oh, for sure. But I also think that it was a bipartisan effort.
I just looked through the episodes and the first instance of Dick really laying it on you was Episode 3 after you blanked out the site
with no explanation
but you didn't think someone like me should have known? :P
i don't think it should be on an ask basis
well, you could have even said it's coming back
I don't recall seeing that on your Facebook or Twitter
I am not that big of a Reddit user
well I am, but not enough to see you posted it there
I'm not denying that, but I'm saying you don't have the best strategies
I think your on-going lack of communication leaves a lot for interpretation.
By not posting you allow him to walk all over you. And that patreon is not dipping.
I'm saying with what you're telling me he's making a living off of you.
*shitting on you.
I don't recall any proof that made me believe that.
Is that the Patreon?
I figure that's downloads.
He bought a house with his Patreon money plus he's going on a road trip around the uS
*US
sure
oh yeah, today dick said you wanted your ex as a second girlfriend in a polyamorous relationship
But if she was a piece of shit why do you care?
That's kind of manipulative
Oh, okay. Sorry bout that.
I think that TDS is gonna continue growing and if that does and what you are saying is true you have a real problem on your hands.
So I've got no reason to worry? I ask that genuinely, and it's the reason why I've maintained this particular interest. Otherwise, it's just silly goss.
The livelihood and the quality of life for you and Jess.
So why not drop the bomb now?
They're ruining yours.
Yours and jess'
If they are the pieces of shit you're making them out to be, I'd just drop the bomb.
Then it's not a very good bomb.
Wow this is really weird.
I don't either.
But can you?
Ah, I am wary of labelling sociopaths.
The reason why is there are too many people who get caught up in psychology stuff and think they can label people and dismiss them as a result. I've dealt with *those*.
However I do enjoy abnormally psychology.
Narcissism and what not are serious labels that people throw around like it's nothing.
Yeah.
Well, Asterios admitted that he's suicidal.
On the show, that is.
Life is suffering, as I've found.
Depends on the favor.
Would you publically apologize for not thanking Dax?
I don't remember seeing it at least.
I remember you and I got into an argument about it.
He said you told him that he has to leave the podcast or the podcast had to end.
Sure.
I don't think it's fair to say he ended the podcast if you gave him those two choices.
That's a subjective take on the objective.
And one that I don't know if I'd agree with.
I'd say by giving Dick the choice that pretty much takes him out of the show or gets rid of the show entirely, with no room for discussion or anything, you effectively ended the show yourself. That doesn't mean you're wrong for doing so, but to say he ended the show or hell you ended the show is a bad oversimplification.
And for the record, I don't think you are the kind of person that Dick makes you out to be. I pretty much take what he says as what everyone does to others with gossip. Been around too much family and friends that break out the dumb guy voice and purposely misrepresent the rest of the world.
Hell, I don't think that a lot of my friends and family realize they do it.
Nah. :P
I can count the number of weddings I've been to on a mutilated hand.
I know I'm going to sound a bit fucked up for asking, but I recall Zoey Quinn and others talking about how they were getting harassed and threatened when they weren't, and the incentive for doing so was support both financially and socially.
I'm not saying you two are liars of course, but people have in the past - are they real?
I have no idea how to ask that without it seemingly an attack or something more than what I'm asking.
So if the fear is death, perhaps the best solution is an apology.
Simply apologize for trying to make out Dick to be an advocate of rape and trying to make out the board as a maintainer of a rape list.
And apologize for not thanking Dick in the last episode.
What people want is to know you have the capacity to change and realize that you have faults. They think they are attacking a character that is unable to do so and is willing to lie his way to being right. And whether or not you see it that way, I will say that in my experience with you you can be a bit immovable on certain things and you don't really talk about what you or Jess do to influence the situation.
I will tell you straight up: the video was ineffective, and based on that video and the fact that I haven't seen Dick speak unquestionably ill of women in the way you describe, I'd say you're wrong for that. And I'd see what you posted as slander. The alternative is proving it, of course, so that it's not slander.
Until you do so, a lot of Dickheads will see you as slanderous. And a small portion of them will go full-retard to fuck with you and Jess.
I don't think you have to agree with everything the dickheads have said, because that's unreasonable. I don't agree with everything the dickheads say and hell, I treat Dick's stories as just that: stories. But I think you have played a helping hand in making yourself a target, and that truly kills me. I don't want you to be that.
I don't think it's about blame. I don't think you are a bad person. I just think you have made mistakes.
If you say he said it in private you have no actual defense.
Not one that works for anyone but you. That's the honest truth.
And there's problems with you saying what he said and what he wrote is the proof.
No, it's because you need to come up with a better defense. I'm coming from the point of view as the devil's advocate.
I still care about you and that's exactly why I'm challenging you.
The people that agree with Dick interpret what he said differently, meaning they think "expect" means "be prepared for", as I see it. In order to make Dick look the way you do you have to dismantle that defense.
But how would you do it?
https://strawpoll.de/8f67ec4
This also kind of supports my hypothesis that most people don't want to hate you and probably aren't antagonizing you. You're being attacked by bottom of the barrel losers who probably fit in that 8.25% to ~22% of people, and I'd even guess that it's towards the tail end of that. There's a retarded vocal minority.
Yeah. He's a funny dude.
Did not know that.
Damn.
He trolled Dick btw by kept saying that he was going to come on and then never coming on. :P
I think it'll take a severe hit.
I don't think Asterios is going to keep fueling the fire.
If asterios drops out, people will seriously move. The people that will be left are all of the regressive people anyway.,
It depends.
For me, I'm very focused on language. I become a huge asshole stickler over language.
I obsessively re-read most of everything I write to the point of stress.
And then even after I write it.
On the other hand, my mom was recently called out for her body language. She was told that she was in the wrong for standing up when having a negative conversation with her boss - she considered that "standing over her". But it's still a problem of language.
I think that if someone is effective with language, they have a lot of sway over the intensity of their actions in terms of how they affect relationships and what not. It's why politicians are people to be heavily, heavily criticized at every turn. It's why Trump is dangerous and also why I enjoy listening to him talk. It's super manipulative. It's like the most beautiful ugly thing ever.
But that's a weird tangent.
Hey, does your website preload HTML5 audio?
If so, you might want to look into disabling that.
How does it cache without downloading?
Maddox, come on man.
There's a guy on Reddit who nicely talked with someone about Libsyn and said that someone who deals with your website may have accidentally left HTML5 preloading on without malicious intent, and that this inflates downloads.
To say that's harassment is really unfair.
Dude, these people will leave you alone when you yourself apologize and stop trying to make everyone else look like villains.
Yeah.
I think there are two bad guys.
That isn't what fans are upset about. They're mad with what happened after.
And these are people, mind you, who do not want to dislike or hate you. It's absolutely true.
Asterios included.
It's only insane because you perceive it that way.
It's an active choice you're making.
You attack him all the time in private, and made a video trying to tell everyone that he's a bad person.
Now, granted, this delves into my problem with Dick where he's effectively poking the bear. But the way you lashed out wasn't fair either.
Give me one second
http://hwcdn.libsyn.com/p/e/2/b/e2b881017e75d014/The_Dick_Show_004.mp3?c_id=12074468&expiration=1484367185&hwt=cfdc88f9766f4eabe1fd57400b8dd558
The best thing I could do for Dick right now is to not say anything for his personal and professional reputation. People don't know what happened, but there's a reason it happened the way it did and could have a lot of fallout for a lot of people involved.
When you leave things blank it leaves stuff to the imagination. It's also what you did to Asterios.
Wasn't a problem of yours talking behind not people's back?
Why couldn't you just leave things at personal differences and explained things with the feed and site blanking out.
Dude, I have beefs with Dick. They aren't relevant right now.
I had beef with Asterios.
I'm talking to you and not them.
I don't really care about that too be quite honest. He's a content creator, not a saint.
Because it sounds like you're trying to manipulate by omitting details, leaving things to the imagination.
Maddox, I'm going to straight up with you. None of this is going to end unless you do something and prove yourself to be a good person to these people. Admitting that you have flaws and that you're willing to stop talking to fans about Dick or Asterios and that you really want things to move on.
You have to put yourself in these peoples shoes. You have to put yourself in my shoes. There is a reason for all of the rage and discontent and everything.
Jesse is a bag of dicks so I don't really care about that guy.
It isn't.
You have to put yourself on the same level as these people and talk to them and show them that you want all this to stop and that you aren't going to continue talking to people about Dick with the intent of convincing them "about the truth".
I'm not a fan about the goss.
Do you think that because I don't talk shit about Dick to you that I'm Dick's best friend?
Maddox, I'm going to be straight up with you: I want this stuff to stop. I have an idea of how to stop it.
I'm working on something
Nope, you'll have to see it when it's done
I can show you first but I'm going to put it out there whether or not you say yes or no.
I've been working on it very carefully the last few days.
Want to see an early draft?
http://makeragenotwar.com/
user: dick
password: popsickle
I just bullshitted the htpassword file
I've been working on this four about three or four days
Well, this site is going up. What would you like changed about it?
You still talk about him though.
Why aren't leaked conversations valid?
Dick didn't want his conversation leaked.
He thought he was talking to someone in private.
But it's a problem to you.
No, wait a second.
You're saying that his conversation is fair, but your conversations aren't?
*using his conversations
does it matter?
Absolutely.
Eh, doesn't matter to me.
That matters, but I also think it's kind of an unspoken rule.
Man, you know what I want people to do? Laugh from afar. I don't care about the memes or jokes about you, but I want Dick to recognize that his got power with his aggression. That's the problem I have with him.
I don't want people to contact you or fuck with Jess or any of that.
Kendal and Hyde is a bad company even outside of the context of your show.
You have weird rules regarding the privacy of conversations that make even having an argument about that impossible.
I looked on a bunch of subreddits. They have complaints from all over.
I don't really care about Kendal and Hyde. They have issues. Talking about a business being bad on air isn't a problem.
I can get death threats on Garry's mod servers and have. Does it make the community toxic? No. It makes some subcommunities shit but you move to another server.
In our IRC and subreddit it will be deleted and they will be banned.
Threads about you isn't harassment.
Is that someone Jesse?
Because Jesse invades our subreddit, IRC channel, and attempts to troll.
I don't really care about it. I move on.
I also don't care about people calling Jessica a bitch and a cunt and complaining about her tits and I like her.
They're opinions. I don't care about them.
*that* is shit
She is, but a chatroom talking shit about her doesn't matter.
It's all talk.
There's weirdos that take it upon themselves to do crazy shit. I address this on the website I made.
Dick should encourage against that.
688as and others in the chat would agree about that and would delete or ban people who go the extra mile.
Take it up with them, then. Try to get the subreddit deleted. Try to get #thedickshow kicked off Freenode. Do whatever you can to get this stuff gone.
If it's that bad it won't be an issue.
It won't be a hassle.
Everything I want is on the site.
It's an opportunity to make everything stop.
It's not your job to take Dick down.
Respectfully disagree and move on.
You responded to the lies and then added the rape bit. Unnecessary, uncool, not sufficient for evidence.
In fact, that's the breaking point for most fans.
He's destroying your livelihood, but you still have a lot of fans?
I saw saying "most fans" in regards to thedickshow, but now I'm intrigued.
Okay.
Right. I've drank the kool-aid.
Everyone around you is a sociopath, psychopath, broken person. Everyone has wronged you and hurt you. You have done nothing wrong.
Alright.
Well, I'll tell you what. I'm going to remove the password on this website, post it in the subreddit, and we'll see what happens. Chances are I'm going to get some flak from it from some, but from a lot of people they appreciated the sentiment and want it to work out. You can make use of the opportunity if you want, or let it pass. If you think you'll be able to make due without it, that's fine, but you have a lot of narratives going on. You're a victim, but also have a plan, but also have a lot of friends and are doing good, but also have a hard life, have a lot of trouble that's consuming you and your girlfriend, and everyone from "the other side" is a bunch of psychopaths and sociopaths. Dick has an army of robots funding his Patreon, and Asterios is suicidal. The fans are all drinking the kool-aid and are bad people.
And, ultimately, the biggest point: you have done nothing wrong.
There are people that want to like you Maddox, at least enough to leave you alone. But they feel like they've been wronged. You can let the opportunity for apologies slide if you like, or you can give even the slightest bit of concession.
A lot of them don't want you back. But I'm sure a lot of people would like to leave you alone.
*would be open to leaving you alone.
no
That would be a violation of my personal principles to not put on there what I think you have done wrong.
And to misrepresent the community.
The website doesn't speak for you.
That's okay.
You're going to get me arrested?
As you should. I'm with you 100% on getting assholes arrested.
But, like I said, you will find that many "dick warts" believe the same.
I wrote about how Dick needs to realize that he has power with his words and he's indirectly encouraging dumb stuff.
Evidence
I'll add that to the page.
Asterios didn't falsely claim doxxing.
"search for and publish private or identifying information about (a particular individual) on the Internet, typically with malicious intent."
that's according to http://google.com
you want to play semantics with Dick in regards to rape, there's mine
A conversation.
I've talked to him about it, by the way.
I disagree with the word choice.
Are we using TOS to determine the meaning of "doxxing"?
Well, okay man. I don't think there's really anything to be said anymore.
It is what it is. You think how you think.
I think how I think.
Not a lot is being moved here.
I added this to the site: We want Dick to realize that his page “Always Be Trolling” actively encourages people to go spend time attacking him on his website, Facebook, or in private messages. No bueno.
I'll change it to "a little more than no bueno."
I'm not speaking on your behalf. I'm speaking on the behalf of the fans that want this to stop, and want you to stop.
Let's agree to disagree.
Yeah, and I thought that was cool.
I'm not ashamed of that image or anything either.
I really like that picture.
And I'm no stranger to telling people that I'm friends with you. And I still am. And I hope we will continue to be friends.
Would you let me make a thread on your subreddit asking for input?
Okay. Would you let me ask where they hang out?
The aren't the list of your demands
Let me show you what Dick just sent me:
"Maddox talks shit about my mom, my ex girlfriends, my family, and my company. Jesse is threatening my family and giving out their names on his show. Maddox encourages it behind the scenes."
Is it?
I said I've been arguing with you for the last couple weeks.
He's pretty much displayed the worst feelings about you.
You two are two sides of the same coin.
I don't believe you when you say you don't want to destroy him because otherwise you wouldn't talk about him.
You two want to destroy each other.
Okay then, let me ask you very plainly as a favor of someone that wants this to stop
Will you stop talking in private with people like me about the details of Maddox's, Asterio's, and other people's personalities?
He's responding to that.
He's using opportunities.
He sees these things as justification to hit harder.
Think in terms of strategy then.
I'm talking to you in terms of strategy for you.
Yeah, exactly.
It's not funny if he's wailing on someone who is sympathetic, empathic, or isn't doing anything wrong.
If you apologize, goss made about you will look like bullying you.
That's the entire reason I put this together.
It's all about strategy.
If you apologize, he looks like a bully if he continues.
The jokes about you become unfunny.
People who joke about you committing suicide look fucked up.
He doesn't have to apologize. You just move on.
Hear me out
It's not about him - you apologizing makes you look like the bigger guy.
If he continues, he looks like an asshole.
People in the chat are willing to admit that he himself has been out of line as well.
Maddox, do you not see what I'm getting at? Reciprocity isn't the goal. I'm making it so he can't punch you.
If he punches you, he looks like a bad person.
He doesn't have to stop. He'll hurt his own image if he continues.
People will become uncomfortable with it.
Asterios will become uncomfortable with it.
A contributer named PeachSaliva, who is Asterios' friend is already uncomfortable with it and wishes Asterios would stop.
Asterios himself wants to stop.
No - that's perfect!
Just apologize for not thanking him and talking to untrustworthy people. Explain that you weren't trying to hurt Dick by talking to your fans.
It will surprise the fuck out of a lot of Dickheads.
So say that.
Peach isn't alone
I'm not either
do you have proof of the rape threats?
okay.
tested with the IRC, not gonna happen
deleted
Yeah. My bird has a page on the wiki and it's pretty funny.
The overwhelming response was that I was trying to protect you from the flak from your actions and that you need to be held responsible for your video.
It's still an ugly thing to say about someone.
The ending, that is.
There is nothing to say to you anymore.
I can't help you.
Yeah.
Because I saw the wiki. I didn't think it was that bad.
Okay, what I believe is that you've essentially made your bed. The end of that video was immoral. You got Dick kicked from UCB. People will continue to attack you until you apologize for it. You're not going to because you think you're right and that he is wrong, and as a result this will never end.
I cross my fingers that it doesn't end with you in a cardboard box.
Dick is wrong, but so are you.
Yeah.
dsmr
*same
hello
Thanks definitely noted, man
It isn't going up period.
I'd rather not talk about this anymore
Is your show over?
If it is, you still got your book. I'll read it.
How ya doin man
Hey, where'd you go?
Congrats on your placement on iTunes man
Have things gotten better?
Okay, sounds good to me. I was just going to say it's worrying that you say you have the ability to get everyone to lose their jobs. Are you still debating that?
That's my last question.
Well, you gave me this information and said "don't do anything with it", and it feels like I'm watching a bomb I can stop. It's like "don't tell the people of Hiroshima that this bomb is going to drop."
I don't want these people to lose their jobs.
No
A few zealous fans.
Retweet the dox?
What are you talking about?
...so you don't think asterios was doxxed by Jess then
How is that consistent
I told you that I disagree with Asterios' terminology but he wasn't incorrect. And if you want to put it that way, yeah, your conversations are being leaked and therefore you are being doxxed.
I've already told asterios he should have used a different word.
I don't condone it, however I don't really understand why you don't think things will be leaked.
And if you were talking mess about me I'd want to clear stuff up.
You shouldn't trust strangers
You share all sorts of stuff with me that I'm sure they would find unsavory and would want to defend themselves against.
And I question if I'm the only person that gets this stuff.
Right now I'm in the position where I feel like you're wrong for a lot of things you've done _and_ you are threatening Asterios, Dick, and others.
(We don't need to get into a big discussion about the right or wrong thing. I'm pretty much set on that.)
I've already told you what I think and why, but you think it's fine.
I've already told you, man. There's no point. You're already reaching the conclusion that I don't have anything even though I've talked with you about how I feel a bunch. I put it all on a website. You can't let yourself be wrong man.
So I don't really see a point in talking about it.
We've been over this a ton.
Being wrong doesn't make a person bad.
brb
From the start, you didn't apologize for not thanking dick
This is something we can agree on
Cool
That's not something to brush off, man
It isn't beside the point. It is an actual point
I don't think it makes you a bad person,  you are only human
Oh,  okay.  My bad.
Well, you aren't movable at all on the rape video.
Like at all.
And I don't talk to asterios that much man.  I exist around tons of shitty elders that are stuck in their ways and get high off their ego. I live around permanent dysfunction.
Yes. It got him kicked from UCB. Whether or not it affected his job is irrelevant. He still makes money but you hurt him not only in his position as a comedian at the UCB but you hurt his position as a friend of many of his comedian friends and, while I'm not willing to say you caused this, he had his mom harassed too.
Just like you have a girlfriend who is getting harassed.
Yeah. Damage control.
"I recognize this thing is being said about me. It's not true. It's ridiculous."
Well, if he owns it and makes you out to be a liar, yes.
It's strategy.
Yeah which is fine.
You didn't actually verify much of anything either.
We've been through this before.
That's an emotional argument based on the false premise that Dick encourages that behavior.
Yeah.
I emailed him in response to his Islam thing with lots of disagreement and got into a good conversation with him about it
I was and am a fan
There's no way to verify what you did wasn't wildly taken out of context or that you gave him an ability to defend himself.
During TBPITU argument?
You said "oh no big foul" and then the clip ended
"you can't say that"
The first few were respectful. He thanked you and even referred to you as a legend.
Then the website went down. People were confused. He redirected the hate to you for non communication
You told him the site was going down?
Look man. I looked at your Facebook and Twitter and didn't see anything and assumed that you were being silent about it. And I don't think that's unreasonable.
And your content? It was a show between two people
Your "brand"?
You have a weird outlook on projects
How did you view dick? Just a small portion of your project or a partner?
He mirrored it for fans that wanted to listen to it. Saying he stole it is purposeful oversimplification.
And it was hilarious
Your show could not have existed without dick.
No and I don't really care.
You treating Dick like he's almost irrelevant is pretty offensive IMO.
Saying that it's basically "your show".
And he did thank you: Episode 1 of the dick show.
This is why I don't see a point in arguing.
Oh I know because I wasn't fond of him
But he became essential.
He was your opposite.
So respectfully split. That was the answer.
I thought that email wasn't very good.
You gave him a gun and said "you must choose between my two choices with no room for you ever being back on"
And you used that as a means to bully him by saying he ended your podcast.
Well, this is why I said I didn't want to argue about it.
I think you are wrong and I think you're going to try and fuck over their lives.
No that's not what I said.
I don't think you are necessarily a bad person. You're human. I'm human. We all have our faults and emotions and stuff like that.
I can understand why you are hurt by things like him saying he doesn't think you're a friend behind your back and him leaving with your ex.
I'm getting pretty tired of you saying "you guys" and completely ignoring what I said.
You have to me.
Well, you're referring to my camp in inclusion to the people you're talking about
When you posted the people posting your number, do you think I know that person? Do you think I hang out in the Facebook? Do you the the IRC plots your demise?
I know Joel Chaco, and that's about it.
If you said the Facebook, I'd be okay with that. I don't really know about them or care about them. They also fucked with asterios wife.
The reddit and IRC though? That's pushing it.
Do they still exist?
The posts?
Are you suggesting that we are responsible for *all* user posted content?
I can't and won't do anything.
Someone made a suicide joke and I said that's fucked up. But that's about it.
(and many people agreed with me too)
I can't do anything for you if you can't do anything for yourself. And if you are going to attack Asterios and Dick I see it as an attack I should stop.
At the very least asterios.
You talked about how you could get everyone fired.
You can reveal something that makes dick and asterios and 80s girl and others lose their job.
And that you "don't want to do it but will if you have to"
Perhaps I'm just an asshole that latches onto specificity, but I've always subscribed to the point of view that you can't make progress if you don't know who your enemy is.
I know it's a stretch, but bare with me
I got mad at Dick because he keeps referring to Islam as a problem.
I said there's a lot of Muslims who hate the shit that the extremists do. They don't condone that.
Similarly, the Dick Show fanbase is similar.
(similarly)
I latched onto that word weirdly.
But yeah. There's a lot of people that don't care for you. There's even people that don't like the goss and want less of it. And these are diehard fans.
I don't think you need to lend a hand and say "let's be friends" to the dick show fan group, but if you address them all as the enemy you're going to get more enemies.
That's why the rape list accusation made so many people mad. They felt like you were pinning the actions of the few on the many, much like people pin on Muslims with terrorism.
I don't think it's fair that I'm on autoblock lists used by Ela Darling. I also don't think it's fair that I need to take the hose to any fires as if I'm already blindly standing by saying everything is kosher. I don't like being accused of drinking Dick and Asterios' koolaid and I think people ought to be treated with a little more individuality.
That's not necessarily and attack on you, but perhaps useful advice. Because you have a beef with Dick and some assholes in our group, not _the group_.
And if you say it like that, it'll look better than if you chose briefer and less descriptive terms.
A couple of towers were attacked by some Muslims.
It doesn't write any blank checks.
And yeah, dick said that and I thought it was very harsh. Didn't like it.
There's a reason for people not liking you though. I don't think you are entitled to good treatment in that way. When people take it father than mere banter I think it's shit and I'll call them out for it.
But I'm relatively unphased by people merely making fun of you.
I think you would be suprised by the people that helped me with on the site I was working on. The number and the kinds of people.
Madcucks and asterios were two people
Well, I know.
Well I knew you would disagree with it.
I consulted the IRC who said they didn't agree with it.
You talk regularly behind people's backs
I subscribe to the point of view that I should talk as if the person I'm talking about is in the room. I also act as if I'd have to explain to my parents what happened. If I'd be ashamed in either of those situations I wouldn't do it.
If you leak anything in this conversation, I wouldn't really care. I'm not afraid of Dick or Asterios knowing how I feel because they know.
Well, you said things. They got leaked. It is now known you think these things and said it to this person. Are you ashamed? Do you have problems with them defending against your claims and getting mad?
Do you have problems with them adding to the story it.
*adding to the story?
Yeah, and that's why I simply asked if you were going to bomb Hiroshima.
Also, I work on stuff for Asterios and Dick now, so now the little income I get is at stake with what you're proposing.
Also, Sean's income too.
And their thumbnail artists
I don't disagree with dicks decision. TBPITU could not continue without dick, and that's coming from someone that liked episode 77
Okay, so can I ask them to stop because of your defense?
The H-bomb?
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/009-email_from_dick.jpg]
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/009-email_from_dick2.jpg] He says basically the stuff you say about him.
If he is a masterful manipulator then he's doing it by playing off your opportunities you present. I get that you aren't a PR firm but there is reason for discontent. And before you ask me for more proof at some point when does it even matter? What did you do to ease the confusion regarding the site going down? What does it look like when you use the Facebook group to post about Dick? It does matter if you have moral precision if you have bad execution. The path to hell is paved in good intentions.
Life is not always objective. Life isn't always about morality. It isn't about who is right or wrong. It's about playing the game.
That doesn't explain that the site is coming back up
The reddit was not the first place I'd think to check
It's a major podcast.
Your Facebook?
Your Twitter
Hell the website world have been good
Basic HTML file that says "will be right back"
You fair to reach out to your fans
No, this might be a problem of my personality. Some times I focus to9 much on down sides when criticizing others. I do it to everyone
Don't take that personally. That's my fault
Like I said you aren't a bad person
If I didn't care I wouldn't talk to you
Alright, what do I owe you then?
I paid for your content and was a regular fan they contributed
You don't see what you're saying as offensive to me?
Guess I shouldn't have bothered.
You are being hurtful.
Have all of my efforts been insignificant? Just a waste of time?
Look man, I'm going to keep the boring introduction short because you've heard it a million times I'm sure, but I've been a fan of your work since I was ten. I was born back in 1995. I've read all of your content multiple times over and over again over the entire course of my nearly 22-year old life. Do you owe me shit? Not at all. Quit writing. Quit making videos. Quit producing content. Go back to telemarketing. See if they'll thank you, or if they'll remember your name for that matter. You don't have to do anything you don't want to do. If doing what you love is grueling, quit doing it. It's your job. I'll concede that when I criticize sometimes I get carried away and it starts to sound like attacks but that's not my intention, but I assure you I've shown thanks in every way I could possibly do in my inferior position in life. I've made lots of joke bits on my downtime from work, school, and depression. I've paid some of the very little bits of money that I got to support the podcast. I've maintained contact with you and wrote you a theme song within 24 hours notice. I've defended you on the internet to the naysayers during the podcast, and to the naysayers after the podcast. I bought a domain name and designed everything on it from scratch to give you a platform where you can apologize and make things better. It didn't work, but how many others took a stab at that. Don't accuse me of not thanking you enough, and stop using the hours you put into your artwork to shame me for the lesser amount of time I put in my work. That's what is hurtful. As much as you don't owe me anything, I don't owe you anything either. But I still provide what I can anyway. Doesn't that mean anything?
I understand what you said was out of rage, and that I don't have all the answers, but you were an important role model for most of my life and I'm honestly concerned that you're going to fall. The way you treat your fans and explode like the way you just did "what, you're offended" and "everything you do is a drop in the bucket" is exactly what got me to argue with you in the first place with not thanking dick and what I think is separating you from many people that are attacking you.
It's the entire reason why I designed that website. The point wasn't necessarily for you to apologize for all those things. I didn't plan on it. I wanted you to show that you can get on the fans level - and that in spite of not owing anything you're willing to do something to show you care.
I've always subscribed to the Maddox mantra of criticize *everything*. I only spend time criticizing things I care about and have hopes of getting better. I don't waste time on things that I think are lost causes or will never improve, so I apologize if I haven't complimented you on what you have done.
It's cool. I'm going to leave you alone about all of this.
Thanks man. I'll speak out when I see something shitty. (As I have kept a pretty good track record of doing if you look at my reddit account)
I do drink! I don't drink to get drunk. I happen to like ciders and Fireball and nothing like real beer and makers mark. There's a lot of alcohol that's revolting. I think there's an alcohol conspiracy.
And yeah man for sure.
Actually I support his Patreon coming down because he made a fake Patreon impersonating Madcucks and he's doxxed people. That's an actual fact. He's also just mean.
Mean in a way I would consider fucked up. He encourages the shittiest of trolling.
I'd rather Jesse be more passive like H3h3.
I dunno. At some point it seems like "haha I was only pretending to be retarded".
H3h3 is my bread and butter for YouTube.
That's light hearted fun but also self aware.
Did I send you that album code already?
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheDickShow/comments/5qt1iz/maddoxs_network_must_really_be_dying_thats_why/dd1w3ar/?context=3
I don't want Jesse fucking with me.
Give me a second I'm driving, but I was attacking the troll not you. I knew it was someone from Jessie camp and they keep f****** with us.
I referred to our conversations indirectly in the chat room but I don't imagine you would think that's an issue
Whatever this guy has as evidence I probably wouldn't have a problem with
However I have to tell you if I have to self you might get caught up in the crossfire as much as I don't want. So is Jesse is planning on f****** with me I would suggest that you tell him not to
I'm aware that you're not his controller or is owner or whatever but this is coming from your side now
Jesse took away Jesse's livelihood. He created a fake Patreon in Madcucks' name and doxxed him.
He sends his fans to fuck with him.
And, for the record, I said it's cool you're getting more views but you need sponsors to stay afloat. that isn't me saying "haha Maddox sucks" but just stating the truth. And it was just to shoot these stupid troll posts down.
I've been in defense of you if you look at my other reddit posts.
People have associated me with that.
Madcucks is allowed to make fun of you. People just aren't allowed to harass you.
And Jesse can make fun of me. If it comes to addresses and numbers being posted, I'm gonna respond and I'm not omitting anything. I'm going to report and get things shut down.
Yeah. I know.
Oh, and that I know. I was talking to him about all this. I'm now down for it
*not
I think the always be trolling page is bullshit, and so is the "hitting the dog when it misbehaves" stuff.
If it's just making fun of you, I don't care. But it is easy for that to go too far and be way more heinous.
That's what I'm saying.
I didn't create that website for just you. :P
The stuff I put on there for dick I totally believe.
Yeah.
Oh, just for the record, even though it doesn't mean much
The chat likes your last video
And I think the idea of people liking you again isn't a lost cause or anything even though you don't want these people back. But it does make a case for people leaving you alone.
http://wauterboi.bandcamp.com/yum
:)
I'm cool with helping out with moderation
I did.
I opened up vim and started programming
Like I said, if you want me to moderate, I can do so.
I just started using it two days ago. I was at retard speed, and now I'm at "learning" retard speed. But it's fun and feels more involved.
I've peaked through the rest of the stuff just by skipping through and watching the chat and really it just seems like you need tighter moderation on there especially since you've got the two different communities going on there - one of which that doesn't like you. Lots of other streamers deal with this especially when it gets into stuff like clans or controversy. Doesn't have to be me, of course, but yeah.
Do you know what's happening in the Facebook group right now?
Since I've left it has gone so far out there that everyone is funding surgery for a transgender woman who is offering people a spin if they can give her the funniest joke in a weird ass contest.
Even dick doesn't know what's going on in there and it's just nonsense. It's become shit 4chan.
That's not to say you're wrong - I'm saying I actually agree that the Facebook group is cancer.
And I will absolutely go on record saying that.
The moderator, Dustin, is retarded. He just started pushing his shitty promo for some stupid monthly box thing.
And someone challenged David Clegg, if you know him, to an actual real life fight with the offering of real tickets. These people are deranged.
I'm saying that the Facebook group has surpassed sheer fandom of Dick and has turned into something else entirely with the worst kinds of people.
(which is why I left after like two days very early on)
How?
He says all he said was lol
But all he said was "lol"
How so?
That last one he copped to and he said he wouldn't have said it if he knew you were in the room. Doesn't make a difference, but yeah.
He says he doesn't know what you're talking about regarding conversations.
Alright, I asked him though.
You mean Jesse and his guys in our IRC?
And I saw.
He said he hasn't done anything to you outside of parodying your 2016 shirt
Unless there's a way to verify anything I can't accept that anyone is a liar.
And I know about the suicide comment. It's shitty banter. I talked to him about it.
02:27 @_688as i just dont want him to think i'm trying to start shit with him
I never said those rape threats were jokes.
I said that people are individuals, and one doesn't reflect the many.
Otherwise you have to include me in the many.
All I've been saying is that things aren't as simple as you are making them out to be, and when you simplify you're basically blurring reality.
Yeah. And with that is its own shitty subgroup of scum of the earth.
Yeah, and if I saw that you'd see me in the comments saying they are shitty people.
I told Dick I don't like that.
I don't know what to say. I don't think there's anything I can do to make you feel better. I don't think Dick is in the right but I also don't think he's in the wrong either. I think you put things in a very black and white context and say that I'm just rationalizing bad things. That's not what it seems or feels like to me.
And even if there are bad things a person does, there is context, and there is reactions too. I don't agree with a lot of your reactions.
I can tell you that 688as does not actually want you to commit suicide. It's an off color joke based on the fact that he thinks you've changed. Doesn't mean that it's a good joke. It's a shit joke. But it isn't flat out wanting you to commit suicide. There's more to it. He's not trying to get you to commit suicide.
That's an example of a bad thing that's still bad but is bad with context.
Jesse hit first.
Jesse had no reason to be involved. He threw a punch and got dealt with.
How did dick hit first?
Oh, I'm aware. I don't like it. It's why I offered to moderate.
That reminds me
Did you say that Dick was going to punch Larry in the face?
That wasnt dick. That was Asterios.
He said that Larry was going to go on Madcast Media and you told him that Dick threatened to punch Larry in the face.
Asterios said all of that and he claimed to learn it from you
Look, I said that under the specific definition Asterios is right. I also said he should have chosen a better word. I personally don't think it's doxxing but just shitty.
Depending on the circumstances, of course.
I'll quote people sometimes for clarity and convenience.
I think Asterios is wrong for using that word but isn't a liar.
Depends.
I quoted you.
Or, actually I don't even know if I did.
Yeah. But do you see where I'm getting at by saying it's shitty for her to do?
That's really been my point. He used a word that is normally used with a specific connotation but he went with a more general term.
I wouldn't put it past Asterios to treat some things as sexual assault either.
He didn't have to use the word dox. It would have been equally effective IMO.
Well, his motive is to get you to apologize to him.
That's what he wants, according to our conversation.
He feels betrayed partially because you wouldn't tell him who was leaking his conversations and you were putting someone else over him.
The bald eagle thing. He said he wanted to know who you shared his texts with.
If you released stuff I sent you to someone else who then released it to the world I would be incredibly upset.
I would think you are picking someone over me and that we aren't really friends.
Sure, although I don't really care if you share anything I say with anyone else. I'm nobody.
I've vented a little bit in the past in regards to the Make Rage Not War thing by saying you really didn't like it but as far as I can recall that's all I've said.
And it wasn't like "fuck Maddox" but "yeah my website isn't gonna fuckin work it was a dumb idea"
Off-topic, but I was just staring at my ceiling and I feel like I've grown very used to dysfunction and nothing really surprises me anymore. I think everyone I've ever met has been incredibly fucked up in their own way. I think the best word to explain how I feel is numb to it all.
Well, there's no doubt that I'm shitty in my own way. I personally have mental issues. The reality of the situation is I attract a lot of people that tell me the worst things about themselves. [unfortunate event] And there are people who, for very little reason at all, have told me that they were raped, or peer pressured into drugs. And I live around people who are nothing more than their escapes and problems.
Nothing really surprises me anymore.
It's why I think you are wrong but I think it's wrong with context. You think you are right but that in itself doesn't bother me. Because I still think you are trying to be good. I don't think you want to hurt anyone.
No, I'm used to it, and I like learning.
I hope you don't take that offensively, but it was just meant to reflect on how I think. Some people try to prove people wrong to dismiss them, but I think people are inherently wrong with life in general.
I don't think you or I or others are invalid people, and that no matter what we do we will always be surrounded in misery. Life is suffering, etc.
I expect everything and everyone to break because it's human nature.
I generally listen to people because I don't think many people will understand me. I end up boring many people, and the people I don't bore would assume I'm depressed.
I understand your context and pain.
[family situation] 
[family situation] 
[family situation] 
[family situation] 
I still love them all very much even though it causes a lot of pain for me.
[omitted - depersonalization and derealization symptoms]
I would say there is a scale of narcissism. I'm very interested in stuff like cults for this reason. There's a reason why gears turn in a machine. Jonestown is my favorite example.
If you look at all the cults, there's a lot of people who think they're doing a lot of good up until you get to the very top person who views people as chess pieces.
I don't think that's unlike all of society. :P Dick could very well be that person. I don't have enough information to make that determination though.
All I know is that these people exist, pain is not temporary, and the only way to live life is to accept it and suffer correctly so that it doesn't hurt so bad.
(not that I'm addressing your predicament but in general)
Yeah, I'm not really talking about that so much.
I'm speaking very generally right now.
I guess the best way to put what I'm saying is I don't really hope anymore.
I just thought it was a weird thought as I was staring at the ceiling. Everything will always be terrible but something I appreciate.
I think good things will come through influence.
Oh, I have read that.
I don't remember how I got access. No.
I may have stumbled on it shoving shit in the URL bar.
Because I used to do that in middle school bored out of my mind.
[mental health] 
I liked your problem with suicidal thoughts - it was my favorite episode from the podcast.
Yeah.
Interestingly enough, my second favorite problem was virgin shaming not even because of that but because of Asterios.
I apologize if I'm rambling nonsense, I just feel real clouded in my head right now which is kind of the problem. I deal with problems with disassociation. Everything around me feels like a movie set and surreal sometimes. Sometimes it doesn't even feel like I'm here, or I'm not typing this even.
[mental health] 
[mental health] 
[mental health] 
I just kind of reached the point where I think this is how it is. I just got the short end of the stick and it's alright
Nobody is really entitled to anything. Not everyone gets a good life. And I live substantially better than a lot of people. I just have to deal with my head being off kilter.
Well, it depends on who is describing it. If it's me, I would say I'm very easily distracted and obsessive. I used to be incredibly over empathic as well which is not good when everything is turning to shit,I think. But I've got better at it
I also think I'm just naturally depressive and anxious genetically. [symptoms] 
[unfortunate event] 
[unfortunate family history] 
[unfortunate death within the family and things leading up to it]
That's not the worst of it but I won't get into it. I think things are kind of better though
I do, but I'm working on moving out with my girlfriend. I'm safe with my mom and my uncle's family right now. But people still fall apart. [unforunate history] I don't think there is really a way out. It's just life.
[unfortunate family history] 
[unfortunate accident that killed my friend in high school] 
Nobody is owed anything in this life
I apologize for just rambling to you, I feel really disorganized in my head.
Night, thanks for talking with me.
ayo, did you stream again
since i was last on that is
oh i was just wondering - saw an image of you streaming and i was confused because i wasn't e-mailed
What's up man
wasn't in my right mindset last time we spoke! i'm doing good
Which has led to my new nickname, Willy Wauter.
Just college, programming, and a safety orientation for my upcoming job making chocolate at the Mars chocolate factory.
Thank you Twitter for sending that out of order.
Not yet but since I'm going to be working there the tour. And regarding the comments I believe I have found a parallel in a lot of aspects of my life in which conflict between two sides stresses me out. And I think last time I was talking to you while being worn out and so I just let very loose and I'm not normally like that
Looking for a stable job so I can get a place for me and my girlfriend. I'm a little bit terrified of a factory job but I'm hoping it works out.
did you add someone's girlfriend and start hitting on them?
i'm not gonna tell anyone else
yeah, although i think it's kind of weird that you keep pushing that
I think that was at the same time that you were telling me not to, so you kind of told me as I was doing it.
When you said you were super strict about it I stopped.
I mean, sure. If you really don't want me to tell others something, I won't. But I also think it's kind of weird - are you guilty of something? Why would it matter if I talked to other people about it?
And I'm asking honestly, not to be a dick.
No.
I dunno. I don't think it bothers me that it's happening to you though.
Yeah, and I think Dick is too.
Well, he was in the IRC talking to him about stuff, and we were asking if we'd be getting the girl from episode 1 on his podcast again. She won't come back on because of the video you posted. There's others that won't either. And he can't perform at UCB anymore. And that doesn't bother, but maybe that should.
*bother you
You've affected his personal image.
So when the question is if I'm bothered when he's affected your image, not really. I'd rather things between you to be great, but wanting isn't enough.
you warned him that you were going to cut that snippet out and use it as a weapon against him?
But speaking of which, did you add someone's girlfriend after they posted shitty comments.
*shitty comments?
Do you think there's something wrong with telling a kid that if they wander from their kid into the streets in the night or in a large crowded mall that they should prepare to be stolen?
*kidnapped
No, that's not what expectations mean.
Do you expect the sun to rise every morning?
Yeah, absolutely.
I would find it pretty difficult to do that.
Nothing's off the table, though, it's just that the risks increase. Joking about the Japanese tsunami isn't inherently unfunny, but that dude with the weird voice fucked up with a bad joke and paid the price for it.
I would find it similar.
No, not really.
Where is that cited?
I dunno. What would Dick have to say to convince me that you're a scumbag?
It would probably take a lot.
Well, I think what you did was bad but I'm still a buddy. People try to be good but most people fail at it.
No, not that I'm aware of.
I think that belief is awful, but I don't think that Dick has that believe.
*belief
And I don't think Sean would be around someone who's that awful either.
Or Asterios.
Or PeachSaliva and the number of girls he interacts with.
Yeah, probably.
I generally have a hard time consuming media from people who are awful.
I can't make a promise not knowing the thing.
I don't know if you have anything.
Possibility: You can believe you have evidence but I can disagree with it.
There's no reason to warn, because it doesn't really affect me.
I mean, I do make music for him but it doesn't mean that I'm unwilling to move on it. He hasn't paid me in months because I haven't really done anything for him
And I can say "Yeah, I didn't know he was like this. Disavow, etc.'
I still don't know anything.
This is hearsay.
That's not what I said. You were asking me to promise to detach if you showed me something, and that's a weird way to go about something.
If I was confident in evidence, I'd just show you and let the evidence work for itself.
I wouldn't say, "You gotta promise me you'll agree."
I didn't say I'd be afraid to see it.
I was responding to "you gotta promise me" - how can I make a promise about something I haven't seen?
Oh, if we're talking about principles, then yeah.
I thought you were asking me something else.
Nope
Yeah.
Yeah, if he said that honestly.
Right
something tells me this site is not meant to be taken seriously: http://www.menarebetterthanwomen.com/top-ten/
so, in an honest question to you: why should I take this site seriously?
Could you say it's trolling?
You advertise for candid and advertise on your videos and podcast
So could you release a negative article about Candid?
You brought up ads
But you wouldn't be able to release a negative article about Candid.
I mean, I don't really mind that, but I also think you can't really push the ad thing. And that's fine, I think.
You still didn't say if you added that guy's girlfriend
I'm saying that because you advertise on other platforms you can't really talk shit about them on your site
what
Well, in the meantime, people have gotten together and called you a creep about it.
Saying you've done it a ton
*shrugs*
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/015-irc.jpg]
Everyone knows about the site, it's not a piece of evidence that just you have
And it wasn't an excuse, I legitimately believe that's a troll site.
Like he went on Dr. Phil as a troll version of a human being.
I knew about it way early in listening to TBPITU
Ela Darling threw opening blows to dick, so everything he sent back I didn't really care about.
If Ela Darling said I advocates rape I'd tell her to get fucked for being awful.
What did you do in your video then?
Oh, so you "didn't say anything"
Because you believed in the podcast?
If I had a golden podcast like that I'd try pretty hard to make stuff work out.
And I figure you did.
There's the idea that if someone is dedicated to a fight and won't refuse to accept defeat, they'll manufacture new ways to win
Dunno. I think you tried planting seeds.
You talked to people in private about Dick and trusted they weren't going to do anything like spread it or use it as ammo against Dick.
Honestly, at this point, I think if you were to release that thing you've been talking about, it won't work out and you'll just attract way more attention to yourself.
I just thought about it - how did you figure out I said anything to _688as?
Oh, okay.
Also, congrats on your part in Larry Bundy's video. Vibes with your character real well.
"what is this fucking shit"
SPEAKING OF WHICH, I've seen your programming and the comments are great.
Can I ask why you value secrecy with our conversations?
I've been thinking about that, and it's not something I've really considered with my other buddies.
For sure, but I'm going to verify things when you tell me. It doesn't have to be me it literally saying that you said something but me trying to figure out for myself what is actually going on.
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/016-email.jpg]
What MABTW is.
All I asked was the book and site was about. That's all I did and I don't see why I'm not allowed to do that
When I get out of my car
Why are you controlling what I can and can't ask dick?
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/016-email2.jpg]
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/016-email3.jpg]
There ya go.
Is that not allowed?
I'm asking if me asking that question is allowed.
I figured you meant I can't say "Maddox and I were talking".
But this site has been around for a while. I was reading it back in TBPITU
However, he already knows we talk and doesn't care afaik.
I've worked for both of you guys and I don't think he's jumping to conclusions.
When did he go on Doctor Phil?
I dunno. Was he trying to bank big on that site?
That's does sound weird.
So, yeah.
What are the chances it's a matter of oversimplification instead of lying?
I'll send you a steak to compensate for any increase in blood pressure I may be causing.
Or my bottle of fireball which is really good
Well, I've told you in the past that I think he adds flare to his stories which is why I treat them as just that.
I think he's a good story teller and good at improvising.
Dunno. That's why I talk to you.
And why I haven't detached or anything.
I don't think you two are right or wrong and most of life is gray area
Most of the people around me are that
What's that?
Increasing stress on your relationship with Dick?
I thought it was episode 20
I don't remember, though. I can look.
October 23, 2015?
OH, okay. It was the Asterios episode.
Well, he said that's a major contributing factor. He also said you kept sending him long emails about stuff he has problems with and you'd take him to a bar and read of a huge list of complaints with Randy as a mediator.
With not thanking for snacks being on the list.
Race relations
Is there a place I can see the stats for TBPITU?
And I would imagine it's the sum of all things.
Okay, I won't.
What is the pre recorded episode?
Er, what does that mean?
Jesus.
Yeah, that's pretty lame.
I don't think it's necessarily bad if it's a one time occurance but that's lame if it's a constant thing.
What about the dick show then? He was forced to pick himself up and do work?
Which one
Haha, oops.
He's setting up that road trip though.
Yeah
Yeah.
So you think the downward trend is because of staleness in having to record tons of episodes?
Sure.
That's awesome! I'll definitely keep this to myself.
I won't ask you about your opinion of Santa Cucks.
I talked to him and he seems like he's got a lot of upset venom pumping through his veins
It's poisoning him.
https://www.reddit.com/r/TheDickShow/comments/5y4wyh/i_plan_to_hopefully_crash_maddoxs_book_signing_if/
Just wanted to show you that people who are aiming to be complete dumbasses get called out for it and voted down
Did you actually look at the suicide pool thread, or merely saw that it existed?
There was a spiteful thread about people who were betting on when your podcast was going to end, but I think that's basically their version of a celebrity death pool. It's laughing from afar. The suicide pool thread was largely downvoted and seen as extremely uncool.
mmhmm. I figured if I ever got onto the show I'd talk about it.
Dunno. I laugh at YouTube drama and stuff like that. idubbbz does a lot of shitting on YouTube celebrities and stuff.
That doesn't bug me so much.
I dunno. I guess I'm kind of not that bothered by some forms of bullying. People betting on when your show is going to end doesn't bother me. People trying to "crash" your book signings is awful.
Why?
which sponsor?
(and also, at this point I don't care if you drop the nuclear option)
However, I think that if you do that, you've really gotta prepare for people trying to dish it back.
Was the Harry's thing over the "nigger" dillema?
I'm saying it won't stop.
From zealous fans, I think.
I really have no idea what they could have done that's super bad.
*can't imagine
[http://www.wauterboi.com/peen/017-vim.jpg] what's your programming set up look like?
if the code looks retarded it's because it's for school
I've gotten real into it with TMux and a small .vimrc.
I did a lot of fixing. All that code was previously written on a tablet listening g to professors ramble on about whatever.
C# is basically C++ plus cheating. Garry Newman loves it.
My cup of tea is Python, although I do want to hop on the C# bandwagon since I appreciate C style stuff.
I like my code fighting back. "Hey fuckface, that's an int. You can't do that."
Python is beautiful in my opinion. It takes a lot of the unnecessary stuff out of the equation like semicolons and brackets and let you focus on the conceptual stuff.
http://www.pythonforbeginners.com/code-snippets-source-code/bitly-shortener-with-python/
This is a tamer example.
I feel like if every language got together and chose a representative to elect how shit was gonna work in a language it would be great.
"Semicolons? Yay or nay?"
JavaScript is great but is fucking awful. C++ is great but is fucking awful. I want them to mix.
Yeah. I can too. Most of my issues are mainly with what's popular. JavaScript is popular for a reason, but I've got a lot of problems with how it functions. It's really unreliable with types. I can't trust that shit will work like it's supposed to.
The job market for programming and web design is really pushing JavaScript and Java.
hate to bring you back a step or two but you're not going to relaunch the biggest problem in the universe, right?
https://www.reddit.com/r/biggestproblem/comments/5ydseu/george_ouzounian_files_for_trademark_rights_to/dexjuqq/ i saw laurie foster's post on reddit
Sure, I'm willing to give that thought a chance, but to clarify you're _not_ trying to relaunch that podcast, right?
At this point, I don't really care about much of anything else. Everything is what it is. But I think that if you are going to go for that it's a really bad idea.
No, but I watch your videos and read your site.
So, the answer is no.
Which is what I figured.
So, why did you get the trademark, then?
Just out of curiosity. I don't figure it's malicious, but I also don't know why anyone would get a trademark.
I know, and I understand why. I'm not bringing anything else up.
In hindsight, it could also be seen as just invading your business, but I'm wondering if you're protecting yourself or if you're planning on using the trademark.
Nice book cover.
[Media-sticker] [Ok hand sign] https://ton.twimg.com/stickers/stickers/10131_raw.png
Who illustrated it?
Jesus christ, how does something like that happen?
That's great!
[There was a website that used public information from multiple sources to basically "dox" everybody - where they lived, who their relatives were, their phone numbers, etc. I also sent it to Dick.]
Hear me out: I'm linking you to this because this site is getting around and making news and I'm thinking you should request this info be taken down ASAP
I'm on here. Dick is on here. Perhaps that info is outdated and perhaps it's not! But it may be in your interest to fight possible trolling that comes your way. :X
This is everyone's response, haha. I became aware of it because of a message board. Someone did a PSA saying that his website just rolled out. I just looked up your real name and used the process of elimination and if I can find it, that means someone who is far more dedicated and aggressive could find it.
I was surprised at the level of accuracy with family members.
Nope. This was found out entirely by me. The first thing I did after looking for me and family was realize "oh shit" and contacted you, dick, and Asterios.
I was able to find info on everyone and sent it to everyone to get taken down.
Mixture of feelings, really. Feeling unemployable is one thing. I really want to get out of this house.
I'm hoping my transcribing interview works out on Friday.
I'd like to be a media handyman and a programmer.
People keep coming to me for theme songs and websites.
But it ain't stable.
Honesty I'd be happy with a stable job and time to fuck around on projects. Working retail was hell because it was very focused on hellish hours and no time to work on projects.
I have not! I'll have to check it out.
Are you using your nuclear option?
It's 11 at night so I understand if you're not getting this very quick, but I'm hearing that you've called the cops on Dick over drugs.
I know you aren't eager to talk about that, but I just feel like more and more things don't add up on your side of the story and the more things don't sound like defense.
I don't recall me saying that.
Oh, I said if you could give hard evidence and then you linked to his book/site
I'm sorry, but we can't be friends. I'm sticking to my guns on this one. You've gotta apologize to Dick. I don't believe you're moving on from it. I'll be around if you ever apologize to him about things, but for the time being I know that you originally had a twenty minute video to smear Dick with and your four minute video got him ripped away from a lot of comedic opportunities plus UCB. And you've also talked to me and others about how you could destroy Dick, Asterios, and 80's Girl's career. I have reason to believe you did actually suggest using coke as some sort of leverage against Dick, and I don't think it's cool. I can't just act like these things aren't as bad as they are anymore, or just agree to disagree.
What are you going to leak of mine?
I don't really feel like I'm that big of a figure.
I think it's not a strategically good thing to try and attack me. The stuff I posted in the IRC wasn't meant to explore out like that, I just posted what I thought was funny and not super harmful. I wasn't trying to share everything or anything.
I'm not on offense.
No
But you're gonna do what you're gonna do. I can't really stop you
Why would I say it's take fake
*it's fake
No one would believe it.
Is this black mail?
Well it sounds like you're being mean and trying to push me into a corner to do what you want me to do.
I know. I didn't mean for that, and I didn't mean for it to get so far out there.
I fucked up.
But I'm not going to lie about it being fake. That's silly, man.
Who's jobs
I'm not going to let you bully me, man. I'm not a pawn. You need to apologize to Dick.
You'll figure it out
I'd release all the conversations we had, tell you to fuck off, and call it a day. :P
